I had bought this phone just about 3 months ago from AMAZON. Now the in built mic has stopped working. I can hear the person talking but that person cannot hear me. However, the mic works in loudspeaker mode, but this is not good for personal calls. And I can use headphone to talk, but no one always carry a headphone with them. I recommend using bluetooth mics. Now there are no authorized lenovo service centers. VERY BAD! LENOVO!

It's The Best Mobile under this price range.. Lenovo Has Done A Great Job. I'm Very Happy With The touch screen  as it is soo smooth ..Very Well Satisfied with the Loud Speakers...And the fingerprint sensor is like giving birth to this mobile at this normal price range..RAM is also satisfactory...Internal Memory comes low but It is okay because the lenovo introduced secure management zone to enable the apps to use as the secondary so it takes some amount of extra ram and ROM.. So it is also okay. Lenovo Has do e super in this point.Camera is also nice.. Rear camera is good in nice and bright day lights.. . it also performs better in low light conditions but not as bright day lights... Front camera is somewhat disappointing.. Because it is causing so disturbances in the taken photo.. Mobile is soooo smooth... Battery Backup is asloo good... Charging the mobile is too easy as it as turbo changing enabled.. It takes very less time to charge up the phone from 1% to 100% ... And Finally the judgement is very good and decent phone at this normal price range..  I can surely suggest evary one to get this phone with no fear.. Please forget about the bad reviews. Trust me .. Very Good Smart Phone.... Thank You Lenovo.

My faith in Lenovo got seriously shaken when this much awaited offering from one of the leading hardware vendors in the WORLD,  exploded in my uncle's hands when he was on a call.He was lucky to have taken notice during initial burst of heat and to throw it away in order to save his face. My uncle runs a garment shop and he had to throw the phone out on the road to save the items in the shop.Though I got a replacement after I presented my case to Amazon Customer-Care, I would seriously recommend refraining people from blindly going after high Battery-capacity Lenovo phones.

I bought this phone for my sister.she really liked it coz' its light weight, UI is very updated, camera, call and display quality is awesome.The only thing I didn't like is the back cover in phone, very flimsy plastic material. Thank God they have given transparent back cover in the package.Only two finger print is not okay, atleast five should have given.front camera delivers photo after doing some kind of facial to our faces.Dolby Atmos is the best thing in this phone.

This review is after about 20 days of usage. Firstly the VR kit it quite good,but can get painful after about 40 minutes of usage. The good thing Is that it's glasses friendly so you can wear your prescription glasses underneath the VR glasses. Coming to the phone I am really impressed by it and it functions just as expected.The processor is under clocked but thanks to 3gb RAM I didn't experience any lag in regular usage,also I didn't feel any heating issues and the heat that it generates is expected.The camera is pretty average, low light performance is not up to mark but in outdoor condition sunlight results are just fine.Being a left handed user I found the back button on the right side a little frustrating as I always needed to stretch my thumb in order to reach the button.They kept the UI almost stock Android ,and it also comes with very few bloatware. The audio is incredible thanks to Dolby atmos.All you need to do is pair it up with a decent pair of headphones.The speakers are pretty lound and has good clarity.The battery life is also very decent as it lasts me about a day of regular usage(data always on,with auto sync off).A big letdown is the absence of backlit buttons.Overall a value for money phone suitable for a good multimedia experience but not for heavy gaming.

This phone is more than worth its price. Pros -looks good, very sturdy, smooth touch, Audio is the best of all. Music lovers shud opt for this phone as the Dolby Atmos sound is really amazingly loud n clear. The  USP of the phone you would realise only when you try the ANtVR glasses, the experience is as promised by the company. I've recommend this phone to frnds already.

Lenovo launched Vibe K4 Note, the company’s latest mid-range smartphone and the successor of last year’s K3 Note in India recently at Rs. 11,999. Even though it has a 5.5-inch display and offers Dolby Atmos audio experience, similar to the K3 Note, this has a completely different design and also includes a fingerprint sensor. For the price, specifications of the smartphone look good on paper. How about the overall experience? Let us find out in the complete review.Unboxing;;;  Box Contents;Lenovo K4 Note smartphone in Black color2-pin charger (5.2V-2A)Micro USB cableClear caseQuick start guide and warranty informationThe Vibe K4 Note has the same 5.5-inch display with a resolution of 1920 by 1080 pixels and a pixel density of about 400 PPI. Since it has 450 nits of brightness, it is bright, offers vibrant color output, sunlight legibility and the viewing angles are good too. Even though the display is glossy, it doesn’t attract fingerprints easily. It also has Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection to prevent the display from scratches. It has a screen-to-body ratio of 71%, almost similar to the K3 Note, even though this has dual front-facing speakers.It has a 5-megapixel front-facing camera with OmniVision OV5693 sensor and f/2.2 aperture. The front-facing camera is good for selfies and video chats. Colors are vibrant and the images are sharp as well. There earpiece is also present under the speaker grill. The usual set of proximity and ambient light sensors are present in the bezel, above the display. It also has a tiny notification LED on the right corner, which glows in blue for notification and in red when it is charging. It is hardly visible when it’s off. The phone also has gyroscope and magnetometer.The capacitive touch buttons are present below the display. These are not backlit, but offer haptic feedback when pressed. The second speaker is present below these buttons. Thanks to stereo speakers and Dolby Atmos, audio quality is brilliant. We will discuss more about it in the audio part.The smartphone has a brushed metal finish on the sides and is 9.15mm thick. The volume rockers and the power button that are present on the right side also have metal finish. The 3.5mm audio jack is present on the top and the micro USB slot is present on the bottom along with the microphone hole.It has a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash. You can also see the tiny secondary microphone. Lenovo says that the phone has three microphones, but the third microphone is not visible. The fingerprint sensor is present below the camera. The phone is 153.6mm tall, which is slightly taller than some of the smartphones with a 5.5-inch screen, mainly due to dual front speakers. It is 76.5mm wide, so it is comfortable to hold, but it is not comfortable for one-handed usage, similar to most of the smartphones with a 5.5-inch screen. It weighs 158 grams, which is acceptable since it has a huge battery. The plastic back cover is prone to smudges, but it is not visible since it is black. You can also use the bundled clear cover for an extra protection.Opening the back cover reveals a huge 3300mAh built-in battery. The primary micro SIM slot is present on the left side of the camera, while the secondary micro SIM slot is present on the right side. The micro SD card needs to be inserted on the side of the secondary SIM, so you need to remove the microSD card if you want to switch the SIM 2. When most of the budget and mid-range smartphones come with hybrid SIM slot, it is a good thing that Lenovo is offering dedicated slots. Overall, the smartphone offers a solid build quality.Coming to the camera, the phone has a 13-megapixel rear camera with Samsung S5K3M2 ISOCELL sensor with 1.12 um pixel size, PDAF, f/2.2 aperture and dual-tone LED flash.The camera UI is simple, has toggles for flash, front camera and HDR. The menu option lets you choose Panorama and also has several Effects (Mono, Sepia, Negative, Memory, Gorgeous, Elegant and Cool). Settings option lets you choose aspect ratio (16:9, 4:3 and 1:1), adjust white balance, ISO (100 to 1600), enable geo location, option to use volume button as a shutter key and more.Coming to the image quality, daylight shots are decent, but some images seem dull if the environment is not bright. Macro shots are good, but focus is hard most of the times if it is a small object, even though it has PDAF. HDR shots are too bright so colors are not perfect and there are also exposure issues in daylight. The phone doesn’t have a manual mode. Since this is a mid-range phone you can’t expect such features. Low-light shots have noise as usual, but the images are not too bad. Images with flash are decent. The dual-tone flash helps to bring natural tone, but it might be overpowering sometimes.Overall the phone has a decent camera compared to other smartphones in the price range****he smartphone runs on Android 5.1 (Lollipop) with Lenovo’s own Vibe UI on top. Android Lollipop brings several new features, including Material design, Multi user support, battery saver and lots more features. The company has not announced when it plans to roll out the Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) update for the smartphone.Quick setting has several features including Secure Zone, Flashlight, Cast Screen, Wide Touch and Super Power. It also has brightness adjustment slider. You can edit these notification bar icons. You can launch the dialer or the camera directly from the lockscreen.It has Wide Touch option that lets you create a floating bar for accessing utility apps like camera, music, calculator and more. Smart scene lets you create scenes for different time period or places. For example, you, can set the profile to silent at a particular time, turn off GPS when you connect to Home WiFi and more. You can also create different scenes manually. Since the phone has NFC feature, you can use NFC tags to activate a scene. You can enable ‘Knock to light’ option from the settings to enable double tap to wake the screen up when it’s locked.Out of 3GB RAM, 2.84GB of RAM is usable, out of which about 1.9GB of RAM is free when the phone is idle with just system apps running in the background. Out of 16GB of internal storage you get about 9GB of usable storage since OS and apps take up about 7GB of space.The phone has a fingerprint sensor on the back. Placement of the sensor on the back is perfect, since it is where your index finger rests when you are holding the phone. It is quick to unlock the phone most of the times, immediately after you place your finger on the sensor. It gives haptic feedback only when it doesn’t recognize your fingerprint and also lets you quickly unlock the screen, when the option is enabled. It doesn’t recognize your finger properly if it’s wet. You can only add 2 fingerprints, while some phones offer option to store up to 5. This is acceptable since most will just use the index finger to unlock the phone.Coming to apps, the phone comes pre-installed with a lot of apps and games. Apart from the usual set of Google apps and utility apps, it comes pre-loaded with Evernote, Facebook, Gamestore, Guvera Music, McAfee Security, Shazam, Skype, Step Counter, Truecaller, Twitter, WeChat, UC Browser, WeChat, WPS Office, and Tap the Frog HD game.It doesn’t have a separate music player, so you have to use Google Play Music. It can play a range of audio formats and it has FM Radio with recording. Thanks to Dolby Atmos, Wolfson WM8281 audio codec and dual front-facing speakers, loudspeaker output is brilliant and clear even in full volume. Audio output through headphones is brilliant as well, compared to most other smartphones in the price range.It has 4G support with support of 4G LTE bands (TDD B40 2300MHz and FDD B3 1800MHz) for India. Both the SIMs support 4G, but you can enable 4G only in one SIM at a time, while the other goes to 2G. You can set the default SIM for voice call, messaging or data connection. It also has Inter SIM call forwarding option that can forward an incoming calls automatically from one SIM to other when it is busy on other call. Call waiting is free but operators charge for call forwarding. It has dual-band Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac that you rarely find in phones in this price range. Other features include, Bluetooth 4.0, GPS, NFC and USB OTG support. i did not face any call drops or any other issues.Coming to the performance, it is powered by an Octa-Core MediaTek MT6753 processor (Even though CPU-Z shows it as MT6735) with eight ARM Cortex A53 CPUs clocked at 1.3GHz per core and 3GB of RAM. Performance is good without any lags in the UI even though the UI consumes more RAM. Thanks to 3GB of RAM multitasking is smooth too. It gets a bit warm, but we did not face any heating issues during gaming or 4G use.Coming to the battery life, the 3300mAh (Rated) / 3400mAh (Typical) built-in battery doesn’t offer impressive battery life. On full charge it lasts for less than a day on 4G with both the SIM cards on use. It has power saver mode that reduces the screen and GPU power consumption, but the battery life doesn’t improve much even with power saver enabled. It also has ultimate power saver mode that enables only calling and messaging for several days of standby.ConclusionOverall, the Lenovo Vibe K4 Note is an impressive smartphone for the price of Rs. 11,999. It has a good display, solid build quality, brilliant audio output and a good enough camera. In addition, it also comes with dedicated dual SIM and microSD card slots, what more do you need for the price? Gaming performance could have been better and the battery life is not impressive. This might be one of the best smartphones currently, but Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro smartphone with a Snapdragon 650 SoC, 16MP camera and 4000mAh battery that will launch in India in coming weeks, and is expected be priced similar will likely be better than the K4 Note.If you have a tight budget and can manage with above average battery life and don’t play high-end games with full graphics, you can easily go for the Vibe K4 Note, otherwise you can go for the Vibe P1 with a huge 5000mAh battery that offers a great battery life and slightly better gaming performance.ProsGood displayGood performanceSolid build qualityBrilliant audio output4G support with dedicated SIM and microSD slotsDecent cameraConsAverage gaming performanceBattery life could be better

Hello Amazon Team,Thank you for immediate solution for my issue. I have got the replacement and its working fine.Apologies for a delayed feedback as I had to personalise the feedback to your team members.At this moment I would like thank each one of you who have been so helpful.Tamilarasi M.Kumaravel K.Deepak G.Sathish M.Ranjani J.Indumathi K.Nishant K.Packaging TeamDelivery TeamAll Support StaffEach one who is associated with fulfilling millions of orders. The efforts are highly appreciated!! Keep up the great work of spreading smiles n joys in millions of life.Thank you again and again.Request to convey this strong positive feedback to each individual.RegardsAgnes PandiyanHello Amazon Team,I really dont feel like rating a single star to this mobile. I purchased the mobile on April 06th received on April 08th 2016. Its been just been 55days and its stopped working. 'Its not getting switched on'. Today I went to Lenovo service center taking 1hour permission from office. The service center said, MotherBoard has to be replaced and would cost Rs.8000/- (Mobile purchased @ Rs.11999/-). This was 'shocking' because with lots of love towards the brand I had purchased this mobile. Read reviews and researched prior purchasing. The previous Mobile I used is also Lenovo 'P780'. P780 phone had me a fan of 'Lenovo' brand. Therefore, trusting the brand name, I purchased another Lenovo 'K4 Note' phone. But I'm very disappointed since yesterday. I feel like something very dear and near to me is lost.Paying Rs.8000/- for MotherBoard replacement I can buy a new mobile phone from a different brand. This really doesnt make sense. Moreover, the mobile phone is under warranty and service center said, this replacement will not be covered under it.For no fault from my end, I'm facing a loss. Financial loss, yes, but more than it, its the emotional loss for the brand name & trust. This incident has made a great impact on my feedback on Brand 'Lenovo'. As individuals, we give away let go money many times in our day-to-day activities/transactions/purchases if the product is good/ trust worthy brand.I don't know for some reason, I don't feel like my money Rs.11999/- let go. Neither I wish to spend a single rupee on this Mobile repair/replacement.Kindly, provide me a replacement for this.Regards,Agnes Pandiyan

Excellent phone in this price range, Theatremax is awesome, Audio experience is excellent with Dolby atmos. Fingerprint scanner is accurate . Not yet checked NFC , Display is  nice n bright But camera is poor in detailing not match 13 mega pixels .

Lenovo K4 Note is one Master Piece, which I have experienced in a decade. It has more than what one wants and requires for his daily needs. Excellent art of creation by Lenovo. What more could one ask for than this product. I highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an upgrade from old phone or planning to by a new device with such a moderate budget.

