One Iphone 6S Plus = I Pad Mini 2 + Moto G3 + Nikon D 5200 + Lenovo G50-80(Laptop) + Mi Power Bank + ChromeCast + MI Band + Sennheiser CX275READ MORE
Well jokes apart, it doesn't make sense to buy such a small thing for such a huge price, especially when you can get other phones which give you near about the same or even better performances at nearly one third the price of this Iphone.No problems with the phone, it's best in its class,But do you really wanna shelve 92 k just to brag that you have an Iphone?, spending money doesn't take a second, but earning does take a lot of time and effort, While the rich may have it obviously, but the middle class which is the majority, what about them?.I myself want one 6s but only when I think that the thing will be worth the price I will pay for it. 4 stars for the masterpeice apple creates every 6 months. One star less for the astounding pricing policy.92k for a phone, are you serious...READ MORE
I totally appreciate Flipkart's service, I got phone which is having manufacturer defect and Flipkart accepted for refund after verifying, fast in service and reliable.READ MORE
Phone ll b awesm....Bt before going to purchase.... Think twice....Bcoz  u r not an idiot..Do u think an iphone makes u rich?!!!!We hav lot of smartphone with almost same feature..,.try those....nd do ur needs.If u hav lot of money....care som people... Spend in nic way.....READ MORE
amazing phone. but the cost does not justify it. the same unit is available for 650$ in the us. and for india, the price shoots up to 1080$. and this is just for the base model. no matter how u justify it, still not worth it. :-DREAD MORE
1) Design (8.5/10) The design of the phone is emphatic in its own way, but make sure you protect it with a slim case. It is a tad bigger than Note 5 and can slip easily.2) Software and Applications (7/10) Multi-tasking is really good in the phone and the apps do resume without force closing.The device stays warm even upon heavy usage.  If you are a power android user you will see that iOS is not opensource and deep integration is not found when it comes to apps. i-tunes is a mess and you can't access/delete some files from the phone. You must rush to a computer to delete some files. File manager apps are pretty useless when compared to Android. iOS still needs to catchup to android when it comes to app integration. The text scaling is currently app specific and some of the apps make the screen ugly with large text sizes. Overall performance of the device is always smooth.3) 3DTouch n TouchID (8.5/10) 3D touch is good but it will surely take considerable amount of time to get into mainstream apps. It is not so useful as is. TouchID is really great and identifies 99 percent of the times within a second.4) Network/Call clarity (9.5/10) It scores when it comes to call reception and noise cancellation. The switching of networks between 2G/3G/4G is quick.5) Camera (8/10)The i-sight camera coupled with OIS gives you stunning detail in the day light. Due to the F2.2 aperture the photos appear dark and you often need to increase the exposure manually. The colours are more natural and neutral when compared to the vibrant colors from the current android flagships of Sony, Samsung. There are several paid camera apps like Procamera which give you manual control of the camera. HDR is okay in the stock app. Front camera also gives you detail but a yellow tint is always present in all lighting conditions. It utterly disappoints when it comes to low light. The photos are dark and the detail is lost. The max ISO provided is only 2000 and max Shutter speed is 1/4 second so it results in dark photos. I found the camera on Note 5 giving brighter photos due to the F1.9 aperture.6) Battery (8/10)With normal usage (email, calling, browsing, whatsapp) and in 3G mode on all the time it just gives me a day of battery backup. Phone idle time backup is impressive.I use 4G mode only when data download is required. The call drop rates of Airtel in my area (Bangalore) makes me switch back to 3G for calling.The charging cable quality is terrible. The phone gets completely charged in about 2 hours. 7) Price point82000 is simply not worth for the phone. The 3D touch and isight camera cant add a lot of value to the iphone 6. Camera is just about okay and the 3D touch is not often used feature and easily emulated if you jailbreak the iphone 6.If you are coming from a high-end Android (Xperia Z3, Note 4, Galaxy S6) it will surely make you feel bad and restricted. But apple fans will surely love this phone.READ MORE
This phone is smart enough to pop your pockets. Rather buy an AC, its too hot!!READ MORE
Iphone 6s plus 64 gb ?82000 not worth it !!!!  The best alternative is galaxy s6 edge plus ... Beeter screen better specs ans just for 55k bigger screen smaller and lighter . Samsung s6 edge plus kills iphone 6s plus !!! Serious iphone killer ...READ MORE
I was not a hardcore fan of iPhone. But my last android experience was not so good. I had a descent mid range android (15k-20K) device with latest OS, but I never got that lightning fast response. Sometimes my phone got crashed while receiving extremely important calls. So I was looking for better options. I came across Nexus 6P, extremely gorgeous phone and iPhone6s Plus. It was a tough decision both phones are gorgeous and premium but the price difference was quite less (8-10k). So I gave it a try, and now I am in love with this beauty. I am writing some of the best things I like about my iPhone 6s Plus : - The "Plus" matters : I was very clear about getting a plus model (or the latest one). Apart from other technical advantages over 6s, one of the most practical advantages is the battery life. I use my phone on 4G all the time and I have to charge my phone once in 24 hours (sometimes twice if I have nothing else to do than playing high graphics games on my phone :P). It may sound unbelievable but the standby time is extraordinary e.g. if I charge my phone to 100% and go to sleep, I wake up with 99-98%. - is 16GB enough? : This question was bugging me most before buying this model. I did a lot of research about 16 GB model and found out no one will ever suggest you to buy 16gb model. But guess what I bought a 16GB model and I am more than happy with it. I have music of around 1GB of space, 1-2 high graphics games, all the necessary apps (social media, shopping, travel etc) and obviously lots of pics (but no pirated movie videos) and after all that I have left with a descent more than 5GB of free space. It all depends on how you use your phone. So analyze your needs, if you are planning for 16GB model. It's been more than a month and I have no issues with the space whatsoever. If you are a busy person (like me :P) and spends more time coding on your laptop in office than using your phone all the time and you have smart practices like taking backup and using iCloud then 16GB would be sufficient. And the price difference is huge between 16 and 64GB. So it all depends on your needs and personal preference. - Lighting fast and Reliable : The two primary things I was looking in my next phone were - Performance and Reliability. I mean even if you are spending a good 15k-20k, you deserve performance but I was very disappointed with my previous android devices in this matter (specially phones of mid range). But my iPhone 6s Plus works just fine. Its lighting fast. And when I am saying lighting fast it really is. Mind blowing performance. No lag, hang or any kind of problem what so ever. - Beauty : I have the black-grey variant which looks fabulous. - Accessories : I got a charging cum data cable, a wall charger and ear phones with this model. The earphones are descent but I already have sennheiser (quality difference is obvious) so I barely use iphone's earphones. Though I like my phone without any flashy back cover or any other accessories I do prefer to use a screen protector but I am having a bad time finding it. Its very difficult to find a quality screen guard, I tried apple stores, even they sell cheap screen guards which you can also find online. 6S Plus has 3D touch so careful with the choice of screen protector, most of the usual tempered glasses will break or won't work properly. Overall, I am in love with my phone. I was looking for performance and peace of mind and after using my iPhone 6s plus for around a month I can say that my choice couldn't be better than this. So if you like hi performance gadgets, appreciate quality and if you have a descent budget then go for this phone.READ MORE
Dont buy this phone.Instead of this you can buy a midrange gaming laptop.Otherwise,you can buy motorola xforce or samsung s6 edge plus.Better smartphones than these and trustworthy. It is just a name.Dont buy this.......READ MORE
Frist of all i want to say I am very impressed by flipkart and WS retailer... Delivery on time.... Thank you so much... I was buying phone 4 the 1st time on online... And that was the iphone 6s plus and  obvioisly i was very worried about it... But after getting it on hand on time i was very happy and satisfied....READ MORE
Nothing can beat an iPhone!! pros:- superb performance, - premium looks, - excellent built quality, - full HD bright display, - zero lag,- improved battery life lasting more than a day, cons:- heavy to hold - slippery Rose gold color looks awesome!! not too pink just a hint of pink in copper base, smooth finish gives a very premium look...loving every bit of it!! sheer awesomeness!!! And people stop bashing the phone just because of the price..its a niche product and no one is forcing you to buy it..there are tons of options in the market!READ MORE
Good phone love to buy it 6s high price bt think so good :-) love to buy itREAD MORE
wat ever it is iphone is king of all Mobiles. Samsung S6 Edge Plus config is good.but iphone range is different dont compare iphone  to other mobilesREAD MORE
Not only 5 star because apple is a huge brand but it has high quality. Apple is the brand which introduces new technologies. Samsung usually copies iphone. S6 design more similar to apple and add one or two more features and low cost and wow good phone but guys apple is what makes sense. They research on every part and technology themselves and introduces all new features which have never been in any phone. -: Apple has highest Antutu and other benchmark scores. -: It makes everything for itself (research) but not like processor from someone, operating system from someone etc.-: Apple creates a good environment of technology and connection of iwatch, iphone, mac , ipad, os, ipod.Hats of to apple to give these beautiful products and bring a revolution in phone industry.Iphone 6s plus is the most powerful device which can handle every app and has best build quality.Camera awesome, Mind blowing fingerprint sensor. Its a powerful package.READ MORE
Got this beast phone yesterday large screen super display having iphone 5s before having lot changing best phone high quality camera waiting for Iphone 7 -October 7☺READ MORE
My god really awesome....its very cheap and really its kaam chalau phone.....i m gonna call ambani right now to take second hand from me pk thanks byee but its very cheapREAD MORE
iSight Camera Was Awesome and 3d Live Touch Option Great6S Plus Great Phone No other phones are compared with its Performance Even With Galaxy Note 5, Sony Xperia Z5+ Htc One M9 and Nexus 5X Its Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am Proud To be a Apple Fan and Apple CustomerREAD MORE
I'hd ordered my Iphone 6s plus around 4pm and get delivered in less than 24hrs.. Seriously impressive.. I think Govt should hire Flipkarts Logistics team for emergency services. Anyways...lets talk about the PHONE...Packing was intact.. and 100% genuine (Product confirmed by Apple India)... I recommend to place or prefer orders only over WS Retail.. As it is approved by Flipkart....For specs please visit apple India." In one word You can Definitely trust FLIPKART for Genuine and Authentic products"READ MORE
This gadget is superb! It is really worth it to spend this amount and get the facilities it offers and that too they all are best in class. 3D touch is very handy and camera is very good. Resolution is slight little better than Iphone 6 and the screen glass is very smooth.Flipkart delivered it the next day of India Release date. One feedback I would like to make to Flipkart: Kindly put separate deliveries to such expensive gadgets. The person was a normal delivery man and handed me the other phamplet and then I immediately pointed him that my surname is not this, then He checked his bag and gave me my Item. Please do a specific responsible delivery for any gadget which is so expensive.READ MORE
Dont buy this phone.Instead of this you can buy a midrange gaming laptop.Otherwise,you can buy motorola xforce or samsung s6 edge plus.Better smartphones than these and trustworthy. It is just a name of luxury.If you look this mobile for good camera I prefer that you can buy a nikon dslr camera or canon dslr with 4k for this price in this flipkart.They also give some discounts for this and I will assure you Cameras cannot replace mobile cameras.Dont buy this.......READ MORE
i have always been a die hard android lover. Talk about custom roms, modded kernels, i hv ripped all in my days. Had a particularly sad experience with my last android. op2. Wanted a device, which was stable, and had a smooth ui. Took the dare, went for iPhone. And man, am i surprised! people can say a tonne of things about iPhones. yes, they are shitty pricey, way more pricey than it should be. But, in the end, the real world performance is what matters, and it shreds it competitors in that dept. If you are not heavy of custom reqrmnts, and just want a phone that simply works and has a mind boggling battery life, please dont look anywhere else. this is the best it can get!Cheers!READ MORE
Hello, I have moved from Samsung Galaxy S3 to Iphone 6s plus and writing this review after 2 months of IOS usage. The move across the platform is never a cakewalk which is a known fact. Android gives you seamless access to everything and customization to the last decimal point which is not the case with IOS, yes, don't even think of customization (not even your wildest dreams). But the flip side of it is probably due to extremely restrictive IOS, the Iphones give you seamless performance, zenith of satisfaction, absolutely zero hanging issues (compare a latest Snapdragon 820, 4 gb combo android phone with last year's IOS phones and you will know it for your self, Iphones are untouchable in performance).  Coming to the Iphone I have received. I honestly feel something is wrong with this particular piece. Some times the screen randomly freezes, camera does not seem to be working to the fullest potential (the pictures are grainy and noisy). Signal reception is not the been the best. I have to go to the service station and get it checked. But then I am not happy, why am I in a position to go to service station so soon? I did not visit a service station in my first 2 years of Samsung S3 usage. After paying a premium of 66500 for Iphone, I thought I would never have to go to a service station in my life. The seller of my phone was BTPL HYD (some thing like that). Many of my friends warned me from buying a phone (especially Iphone) from online shops like Flipkart and Amazon, I did not listen to them. The greed of saving 10,000 rs (got it for 66500 plus 2000 cash back on CITI card hence 64500 while the market shop price was 75000 and confidence I got from buying a Moto g3 for my dad which is fantastic) pushed me to buy it from Flipkart!READ MORE
Go for it!READ MORE
Wow!!! Product recived on time..Awesome product....first I was thinking will this product be fake or realBut when I got it was real and awesome IT is working good and it can be fully trusted Buy from here rather than buying from big shops and paying almost 15000 extra to the big shops for the same productIT IS AWESOME AND REAL CAN BE TRUSTED..READ MORE
Iphone 6s plus is great and elegant, now we have Iphone SE, though Iphone 6S would be the best, i would prefer Iphone 5S over it due to its design and small sizeI would prefer Iphone 6S @ 18.5K available now from Flipkarthttp://fkrt.it/SzNjouuuuNREAD MORE
Looks and performs really well. This is hands down the best looking phone. The only other phone that comes close is the Oneplus X. There are a lot of one star ratings from people on flipkart, presumably because they are b**thurt that they cant afford this.READ MORE
I ordered this last month and literally received it in 2-3 days.Its a little expensive but its definitely worth it. Its elegant,sleek,big and really fast.If your looking for a phone for all your office work or even for just playing games and messing around then phone is just perfect. I first decided to buy the 64gb one cause its very less expensive but then i decided to go for the 128gb one as i could store more amount games,movies,songs and music etcREAD MORE
you are rich ?You want to brag about your status...?Go for it, these things are only for you... XDREAD MORE
i like this phoneREAD MORE
Nothing is better than iphone 6s plus if something coming best then it its iphone7 now its not only abt class but damn phone i used in my life looking forward to by iphone 7 wen its launching at sep 7 nothing is beter than iphoneREAD MORE
Redmond note 3 is better than I phone 6s plus I strictly say pls dont buy this phone this phone is useless and it is waste of money worst phone everREAD MORE
It's good but I bought it @90kCCam is really very good but 12mp is not sufficient for this it should be 18 or 21Go for this piece the most important thing is that the phone can bend. I tried it it bends. THe siri Is really good working siri can tell you whatever you needREAD MORE
I am using this phone for last few months after windows and Android phone. Very smooth operation, occassional feel much faster than used to be in android and windows phone. Charging is very fast, battery life is very good compared to mah capacity.However, surprisingly downloads takes much longer than other phones, I do not know whether due to slow WIFI speed or apple store speed. Can any body suggest reason for the slow downloads. Look finish every thing great. Initially feeling size is bigger for my palm size now started loving it. With original Pierre Cardin leather back cover now feeling much safe to handle.READ MORE
Not good..READ MORE
Better buy a redmi note 3READ MORE
I love this phone it's an awesome moment in my life somebody has gifted me a I phone 6s plus it's a very good phone i loved it thanks flipkartREAD MORE
I bought a bike for 90k and it's faster than the 6s!!Well jokes apart, it doesn't make sense to buy such a small thing for such a huge price, especially when you can get other phones which give you near about the same or even better performances at nearly one third the price of this Iphone.No problems with the phone, it's best in its class,But do you really wanna shelve 92 k just to brag that you have an Iphone?, spending money doesn't take a second, but earning does take a lot of time and effort, While the rich may have it obviously, but the middle class which is the majority, what about them?.I myself want one 6s but only when I think that the thing will be worth the price I will pay for it. 4 stars for the masterpeice apple creates every 6 months. One star less for the astounding pricing policy.92k for a phone, are you serious...READ MORE
Apple robbing people ...can buy much better phones for that price...READ MORE
WasteREAD MORE
VERY GOOD PRODUCT , U CAN USE IPHONE FLASH FOR MORE MEMORY SO ITS WORTH TO BUY 16 GB AT LOW COST ,,U CAN BECOME AN IPHONE PERSON IN LESS PRICE .READ MORE
Awesome iPhOnEREAD MORE
My 1st Iphone and extremely dissappointed.READ MORE
Very nice and cool phone ..received in good condition...READ MORE
Unhappy with d productREAD MORE
Superb phoneREAD MORE
Delivered on time. iPhone received in good conditions. Working perfectly.READ MORE
One of the best product from apple, Pros:Good Battery LifeExcellent CameraStylishCons:Bit ExpensiveBut given the pros its a really worthfull to oen it. Go for it without a second though.Flipkart packaging & ontime delivery is also awesome.READ MORE
I buy iPhone 6s plus 128gb yesterday it's really nice the 4k camera is really niceREAD MORE
First of all i bought my phone from US(900$) as the price tag in India is not at all justifiable . Apart from price rest everything is really awesome. This phone is for someone :*Who needs a excellent piece of design engineering. some would argue wastege of space at top and bottom but design is not always about filling the front with just the display screen.* Demanding user who needs F1 like performance in multitasking apps.* one who shoots lots and lost of pictures under various conditions. 4K video , Timelapse , slow motion videos all are excellent. Cant beat it . Period. Live pictures are really cool and it would be better if there is a means to share it with others. Unfortunately live photos only work on iphone 6s + devices and Mac.*Needs a good battery life. With avergae use it should last 1.5 days long. Only downside is there is no fast charging. Plus side is it has got the USB type C connector which is the future. No more messing with the sides of the connector.*One who watches lost of videos and web browsing , I would say a mini PC at hand.* one looking for best of the Apps from AppStore. There is a lot of difference between the same app in andriod and ios. Note : i have used android from almost ginzerbread to 5.1 lollipop.*No app crashing or hanging issue. Phone does gets warm on extensive game play but with normal usage no heating issues.* One who loves to listen music for long hours. the sound quality coming from the device is easily the best among phones of this generation. Itunes , Wynk all are excellent app for music.*One who is looking for crisp display . I bet you'll be glued to phone's screen. Retina display colour reproduction is accurate. I had been fan of Amoled's in Samsung but again Amoled is not real indication of true colours. Pictures from phone looks so natural.* robust phone for all round performance.* lastly one who needs a phone for next 2 to 3 years. Phone is built to last for years.I would be happy to help in case anyone has questions.READ MORE
I don't have an iphone becouse of the prise 61000 rs.  Are you serious i thing apple don't know that it is india not america my dad earned only 30000 in a month tthat's why i don't afford an i phone 6s plus apple please down some rate for pepal like me so we use an iphone and iphone 6s plus is a very nice phone it is a gerat phone and iphone 7 plus is very very good phoneREAD MORE
Waste of moneyREAD MORE
packing is good and really very nice...but in online shopping there is some loop holes in products...in my case they send me 9 months old MFG date.....this is impact on battery life....the shelf life is more than real shop product .....anyway i get this best price ...READ MORE
Hello iI will give my honest and proper reviews but in exchange of it iIneed free products.READ MORE
If u are eligible for buying this phone and this is the best oneREAD MORE
this is a phone for you if you want a truly wonderful phone which is crafted with passion and precision, this is your choice. i have 4 iPhones of previous generations and this’ll be the first which literally blew my mind with its giant battery and fantastic camera. flipkart delivered 2 day late but the activation and guarantee claims were smooth, nothing i had to do. i was overjoyed to have it delivered, given very few online sellers ship to the hills of shillong. thank you flipkart, and thank you apple,READ MORE
I bought this phone last week from Flipkart. The shipping was fast and I got the product next day.So far the phone is working great and its worth every bit of money I spent. Only con is that the price fall so fast,I made a loss of 2500 Rupees.READ MORE
live photos is not so interesting seems to be like 3sec video clip.but front cam is nyc with screen flash.nice for gaming,battery lasts for 1 dayREAD MORE
Basically im not a apple fan boy.Even though impressed with the specifications of this phone.if you wanna buy this phone just for brand then its waste of money.IREAD MORE
Good. Nice working. Good deliveryREAD MORE
Awesome product great delivery..Gud FKREAD MORE
Apple products never let u down, the are always flawless and awesome. Ios 10 is lovely and android sucks even in 70000 mobile. Love u apple for making flawless and tension free devices.READ MORE
at last got very good   iphone 6s  plus after replacing it ,thanks to seller and flipkartREAD MORE
Good productREAD MORE
Nice product and flipkart service is nice..evne though one day delay.awaiting for I phone 7READ MORE
Product is good but seller is not...READ MORE
SuprbREAD MORE
AwesomeREAD MORE
No other company can be better than Apple. Its just awesome.READ MORE
SE not in exchange list dissapointed :(READ MORE
People say it's useless buying such expensive phone. But guys iPhone really means the one who does not own it won't ever know the value. N the point of earring n spending we earn to spend so think and comment over a company the one who does not effort iPhone is not meant for them iPhone is a iPhone no one can beat itREAD MORE
Packing was good and genwin productREAD MORE
Phone didn't show your status..phones are for our convenience,our use how much we can be benefited by the use of  smartphones and i think we can get a much better phone twice or thrice lower than this price..no doubt its a good phone..i appreciate but spending that much money on phone is only a wastage of money and from my point of view for all iphone  buyers first need to develop their mentally and use that money for their development of your own..READ MORE
Apple iphone 6s plus is very niceREAD MORE
All of you know , Apple is known for making beasts in the phone industry ! This is one among them ! Go for it ! It's the bestREAD MORE
GoodREAD MORE
Very cheap I like this product even it is expensive but its good .....READ MORE
Good productREAD MORE
In  82000 i will buy 2 scooties and 1 year petrol its waste of money  new phone Lecho Le2 is great from IphoneREAD MORE
Apple I phone 6s plus the bestREAD MORE
A very beautiful product I've been waiting for from many years to buy. the product was delivered undamaged and at the perfect time.its always happy shopping with you flipkart. thank you..READ MORE
The fone is nice .. but has some little lag issues and it has frozen once in last 2 monthsREAD MORE
ExcellentREAD MORE
SuperREAD MORE
Very good.READ MORE
The best smartphoneREAD MORE
Happy happyREAD MORE
it is best phone in world at so low cost better tan samsung s6 edgeREAD MORE
Guyzz Awesome Delivery by Flipkart no Doubt 6S Plus Genuine Products by Flipkart Best Mobile For Games Quad Core Graphics card and Android Gpu still Sucks if u hardcore gamer just brought itREAD MORE
Prompt delivery..seales pack...fully satisfied....keep it up@READ MORE
I have not a iPhone 6s+ it is a DSLR + laptop + office + games store +........ It is a amazing  I am enjoy it ?READ MORE
It's very very superREAD MORE
I bought iPhone 6s Plus model on 16th Aug. The phone is working excellent. Battery is superb.. Great phone.....READ MORE
SuperbREAD MORE
One of the best feel to have mobile like iPhone ...... pretty cool gadgetREAD MORE
Great phone,can't compare to any other phone.READ MORE
Very nice product....quick on time delivery.....READ MORE
I am using it for quite 2-3 months and it's really AWESOME . I like its every feature . It's a nice phone great feature .READ MORE
excelenty phoneREAD MORE
Good experianceREAD MORE
Feels premium but slippery to hold. difficult to carry for daily usage.READ MORE
The phone works like a charm. No lags and no stutters, great screen, and great battery life. Cannot complain. Thanks WS Retail and Flipkart for the awesome deal.READ MORE
Loved it ,thanks flipkart and ws retailers .the phone was very good and the camera clarity ,battery back up was unbelievable.this is my first iPhone and i am very satisfied with it.Go for itREAD MORE
Using iPhone 6S plus for over 2 months now and it's amazing. A little over priced but a product worth spending. The performance has been flawless.I was using Samsung Galaxy S5 before this and used it for 2 years. Undoubtedly, my experience with S5 has been amazing but, the battery started giving me tough times right after 1 and a half years of usage. Something which you don't expect when you are spending 50k for a PhoneBut this is something different. The build quality, performance, whatever features it offers, Apple ensures that it's up to the mark and this is what makes 'Apple' a brand that you can trust when you are spending around 50k for a device.For now 9/10 for iPhone 6S Plus. I hope I won't face much trouble with the device in future.READ MORE
Not a good phone. Samsung galaxy s7edge is much better in battery backup n in camera also. And it's look is far more better than thisREAD MORE
Nice phone with decent price compared to Brick & Mortar shop.READ MORE
Flipkart is very good for purchacing anything.Using iphone I feel fantabantastic..hahaha.. It is so cool handset.READ MORE
No worthREAD MORE
Bought during Freedom sale!, Hardware is awesome, buttery smooth in response, Display is cool.READ MORE
All together a great experience. Priced high but amazing product. The camera, 3d touch, Siri all are great. Before was using Android but after using iPhone there's no other options it seems. A great experience all together...READ MORE
Iphone s d best wen compared to other mobiles!! Cn go for it!!READ MORE
Purchased it during the Freedom Sale of Flipkart (FK). Awesome shopping experience. Good, smooth buy. They also registered the product on the same day, I received the product with Apple. So, in Apple's website, I could see all the details of my warranty. Good job WS Retail.Regarding phone... well, either you buy it or go for an alternative, fully your wish. I wanted to buy a premium phone, hence bought it. One of the most fast and smooth phones. Loving every bit of Apple Factor. Went to iStore to buy back cover and boy o boy!!! the customer care is just wowwwwww!!!!If you are buying this phone, welcome to Apple Family...Cheers!!!READ MORE
Ntg to share it is awesomeREAD MORE
Bought it as a Birthday gift for wife. Was to be delivered by 19 Aug, but Flipkart out did itself and delivered it 4 days earlier. Thanks, perfect gift.READ MORE
GoodREAD MORE
Got the phone for 49999 best deal among all E- commerce sites. Product is 100% genuine. Flipkart's  service was truly mind blowing.. Fully satisfied..!!!READ MORE
It was great to buy iPhone 6s plus on flip kart. Ws retail very best seller I have received my order before promised date. I remain thankful to flipkart.READ MORE
goodREAD MORE
Best of Apple till date, battery backup is good and lasts around 20 hours with net surfing, chatting etc. Best about this phone is its an "IPhone" so simply great, eye catcher, stunning and its gold color gives it royal look with best features...and the delivey of Flipkart is very fast and on time so thumbs up for Flipkart and 5 * for iPhone.READ MORE
This is My First Iphone and really excited to have this one . i dint even thought about lightening fast delivery , well flipkart has now made me smile ,Thanks EkartREAD MORE
Awesome!READ MORE
The Apple is selling their phone at very high price bcoz they have no competitors in market which based on IOS like android platform.READ MORE
Its a over all nice phone...just i think the battery life is averageREAD MORE
excellent battery backup and limited data consumption.READ MORE
niceREAD MORE
Great battery lifeREAD MORE
Nothing much to discuss about iphone. Excellent product.READ MORE
Vey awesome phone with good features n the camera quality is too goodREAD MORE
I have purchased it 20 days ago, best price, quick delivery, so far everything is going goodREAD MORE
The phone simply gorgeous and I bought the rose gold for 52k comparatively less of 6k from retail shops.orginal product and delivery was quickREAD MORE
Got my iphone 6 s plus in record time without any hitch. Packing was great. Fone works fine. Love d apple for making this and luv flipkart for bringng this to my doorstep in so discounted price. Bye bye amaz.... n snapd...READ MORE
It's very niceREAD MORE
this is my first iphone. i was using a ipad past three years but the features of this phone are way more exciting than any other phone in the market. its a bit pricy bt totally worth it.the only con is 16gb version is of little less use coz of there's hardly any space. overall totally worth it. gonna stick to ios now. hats off to flipkart for in a day delivery. no hassels at all.READ MORE
There are other brands also give same features with very less price.READ MORE
OMFG....this phone is really "tata nano" of the smartphone world.....only 92000....BTW its the smartest phone as well....go 4 itREAD MORE
Nothing is compared to iphone 6s plus. Android users might find it little annoying initially using the phone but it's worth having once you are used to it. The best sound quality both for the speakers as well as the headset. But to some point I found that Apple should not constrain so much with their platform ios which is little annoying. And for flipkart.. As promised "In a day delivery" which is worth to be appreciated.READ MORE
Great product. Being an Android user, this is a welcome change. With the A9 Cortex it is more powerful and helps a lot in multitasking. Also, the camera and the video recording stands out.READ MORE
Good phone.... I was not big fan of apple... I used iphn 3... With bad experiences. But now i am really very happy with this phone...READ MORE
I received it on time, Seller has been delivered it to me on expected time.And also Fabulous phone.I am an Apple customer from past 6+ yearsJust upgrading the versions of Apple GadgetNo Issues with the apple BrandBut You have to take care the screen of your phone since it damages easily,And Apple always replaces the phone if there is a issue with the phone in the warrranty period, they dont repair it.READ MORE
Great delivery time. Delivered in excellent condition. However yet to swith it on, have placed it on charge. Was packed in original Apple casing.READ MORE
The product was 100% genuine and company sealed packed.No words to describe about the product.I can't explain about the iphone as everybody knows that.Hats up to W.S.Retail for providing the genuine products.Anyone can be blindly purchase from him without any doubts....READ MORE
Excellent phone..that too at a nice price..Apple never compromises on qualityREAD MORE
I was using iphone 5s and before that was on android. no matter what is said and done, apple product is appreciated for high quality even though its pretty expensive in india but still was appreciable overall. it does has a less ram and storage than android phones like s7edge but the ios is tuned so well that the phone does not lag in any way. the retailer ws retail has a prompt service for delivery along with the best pricing in the online market. i have been buying products way back to 2011 and since then he has maintained the standard. keep up the good work.READ MORE
Stop thinking twice if you're planning to buy an apple phone with big screen and if you are a high end user..go for it.READ MORE
It was my first time buying iPhone online, I was bit worried about phone condition, but Flipkart and WS Retail did a great job and desereve to be rated as 5+ Stars.READ MORE
1) iPhone Packing was sealed and item was new.2) Genuine product and no marks at all.3) I wish WS-Retail and Flipkart for longer life for giving such good offer to us.I was initially hesitant to buy from online because as per apple only infibeam was authorized to sell online apple iPhone.However the price difference of WS-Retail compared to infibeam was of 16K. So I trusted WS-Retail for giving new Genuine iPhone, which he did at more than 100%. Next months I will buy apple care for additional 2 yr warranty for my phone, which clears everything about warranty and support. Which ever product I bought from WS-Retail I have never seen any type issue.READ MORE
Awesome product worth every money spent on this innovative masterpiece.The gold color is the best elegant color available in the market.Features like 3D Touch, live photos and the display is simply fascinating.Only con is the price which dropped within four days by a huge margin.READ MORE
The phone is overpriced and apple does not gI've a 32 gb variant of this phone and 16 gb variant doesnt have expandable mEmory so u cannot save big movies many pics on ur phoneREAD MORE
It's always better to review a product you have used.Provide a relevant, unbiased overview of the product. Readers are interested in the pros and cons of the product.Let your personality shine through. But its equally important to provide facts to backup your opinions.READ MORE
This is very good product of Apple. Very comfortable to use. The phone has really good features and can be considered one of the best phone available in the market right now.READ MORE
Phone is really very fast..camera quality is good.. battery lasts for 30 hrs after moderate uses.READ MORE
Good PackagingDelivery on time.No Damage.One of the best seller.Love the Iphone 6s plus .READ MORE
G8 Deal buy online dont buy from retails shop they just fool u online buying i phone its awsome u save lots of moneyREAD MORE
Hello everyone, this is suraj from Mumbai. i just received iPhone 6s plus Rose Gold 16 GB few hours back and its absolutely superb packing wise and no damage at all. I just finished registering and doing all the necessary setting, still ios update is going on. So far its a superb experience. I got it within the time limit and happy for it.I hope i face no problem in future.Thank you Filpkart.READ MORE
first time by a apple iphone 6s plus from flipkart.packaging was good and product quality from flipkart (ws retailer) that was amazing.thank you flipkartREAD MORE
5 stars for product and shipping but I was not expecting WS retail to ship product which was imported in September 2015READ MORE
Dynamic range of the camera is spot on and processing package is really good. Not much apps supporting 3d touchREAD MORE
This phone had issues on day one. However flipkart changed the same in 11 Days though. The procedure was rough as delivery guys in my area say that they are coming but they dont turn up.READ MORE
Amount is 2much expansive other than online shopping otherwise goodREAD MORE
There is no Word to say About Iphone 6SPlus!!!Wow Another Great Product from Apple... Thanks Flipkart to deliver in next Day!!!READ MORE
What else to say..... Everything is Brilliant.. Amazing battery backup... Crystal clear camera.. lightning speed processor...READ MORE
Pros:1) Bigger Screen (Excellent size for watching youtube or other videos and playing games)2) Battery - lasts almost 1 and half day with regular use (browsing - 5 hrs, listening songs - 1 hr, playing games - 3 hrs, other web-based applications like whatsapp, hangouts etc. - 7 hours, Mail - fetches new data every 15 min)3) 3D touch (I use it very rarely, but it's good to have)4) TouchID - One of the best fingerprint scanners I have seen so far (nexus 6P is the other one, but i like the fingerprint placement on iphone)5) Syncing between Macbook and iPhone6) Awesome Design (I switched from iPhone 5 to iPhone 6s plus and I am loving the new design)Cons:1) Bigger Screen (yes I know.. I listed the same in the Pros section. While it's is good to have big screen size, it is very difficult to operate the phone using single hand. Reachability saves my A** sometimes though)2) Design - good looking design but very slippery in the hand. A case is must.READ MORE
This is my first iOS phone i m using since last 1 month, performance of camera, ram, processor, sound, user interface etc.are Awesome Experience with iPhone 6s Plus Gold.Again thanks to Flipkart for original product and on time and  delivery.READ MORE
after all it's Iphone...don't hv to write a review on it jst check it's specifications on gsmarenaflipkart was simply amazing(the one we call khufiya delivery) no one gonna know dt wht's inside the boxREAD MORE
LOVELY PHONE.GOOD PACKING.BUT DELIVERY WAS BIT LATE.BUT THE PHONE CONDITION IS BEYOND IMAGINATION..THIS WAS MY FIRST TIME TO BUY A MOBILE ONLINE.BIT TENSED.BUT AFTER RECEIVED THE PHONE AWESOME FEELINGS.READ MORE
Awesome Phone I Have Ever Used. Sony, Lenovo, Lumia,Xiaomi Is Nothing In front of It, I Am Loving it.I Would Like To Tell Those People Who Are Talking Rubbish About The Phone & Thinking Themselves A Big Story Teller By Offering Kidney , Selling Home, Eyes,Scooters, etc.Noobs! Why Don't U Go For EMI Option & Check The Best EMI Rate For Yourself or Go For Savings To Buy This Product Rather Than Talking Nonsense & Crying Like A Begger Here In Global Website. I Bet U Guys Never Used Apple Interface Even I Know If That Phone Will Be Given Free To U All No One Will Deny To Accept That's What A Begger Does, Not A Educated,Knowledgeable & Decent People Do.READ MORE
The packaging is not all good but got it one day before! Excited to unbox and give my comments further!!!READ MORE
big guys should always go for such phones because it supports their personality , jokes appart , its a fantastic phone , abit expensive but really worth the money .READ MORE
Let's start with the bottom line. This piece of art is exceptional, matchless, unsurpassable and inimitable till date. Have it to witness perfect integration of technology, simplicity and aesthetics. Don't buy if you feel satisfaction in numbers (like ram, storage, ppi, processors cores, mAh, megapixels etc) which are irrelevant if hardware-hardware and hardware-software interactions are not done wisely. Although it is overpriced and offers limited access to users and developers, but it remains "The Chosen One" for me this time.READ MORE
The phone is stylish, good looking but a bit hard for new ios users. But the price keeps on dropping which is the worst part. Not expected from APPLE.READ MORE
I have purchased iphone 3 March, iphone working very well no heat, nothing any problem till date,so its amazing phone.READ MORE
Great job flipkart and ws retailers, amazing iphone, apple is apple, nothing second word.READ MORE
The touchscreen was not responding on day 2. and continued to do the same every day. had to reset the phone every time...games like temple run 2 are also hanging.don't know whats the issue.Have requested for a replacement.keeping my fingers crossed for the next mobile.READ MORE
Bigger and better. Sounds disrespectful, but it is just a pun. The latest Apple iPhone 6S Plus is all about the touch as part of the new handling concept called 3D Touch. The latest S model is obviously faster, and you also get better cameras as well as faster communication modules.+ Very well built, Performance is top notch, Battery can get two days, Camera upgrades are worth checking out and make the phone highly competitive against other flagships, 3D Touch adds an extra level of control, allowing one handed operation, Fingerprint scanner is even faster than before- Expensive, No way of getting 4K video off the phone and over to a 4K TV easily, No upgradeable storage (Have to go for 64GB+) as is typical with AppleREAD MORE
The “S” releases of the iPhone have never been the ones consumers raved about. Maybe it was the fact that it was harder to tell what had changed, a fact owing nicely to the idea that the body stayed the same, and that the features were more incremental than anything else.+ Very well built, Performance is top notch, Battery can get two days, Camera upgrades are worth checking out and make the phone highly competitive against other flagships, 3D Touch adds an extra level of control, allowing one handed operation, Fingerprint scanner is even faster than before- Expensive, No way of getting 4K video off the phone and over to a 4K TV easily, No upgradeable storage ( Have to go for 64GB+ )as is typical with AppleREAD MORE
Good mobile, premium feel, worth money spentGood battery Super cameraNo lagAwesome looksTimely delievered All pros no cons till now10/10READ MORE
mobile looks beautiful nd solid , touch pad is soft nd the display is so decent and bright, overall mobile is best in worldREAD MORE
Apple always rock in every area.happy to have it.I am fan on apple products from the day when apple launched apple iPhone.Thereafter I purchased iPhone 3GS, 4S, 5S & Now 6S.I am very happy to being an apple's customer. Thanks "WSR" to bring this item on affordable price too.READ MORE
World's best beast ever. No lags at all...Spending 60000 is worth paying for it. I would never switch to Android from iOS.READ MORE
Does this product need any rating? Its an apple product....a perfect combination of style and technology.READ MORE
The phone has been quite good so far except this one day when the phone just switched off and wont turn on.. then had to do a hard reset to switch it on but by the time i figured it out i was so upset.The screen quality is really good contrary to what i thought...the daylight visibility is actually much better than the samsung super amoled screens, although the color contrast may not be as good as a super amoled screen, it is useable. I use the phone for whatsapp, browsing and calls and till now havent experienced any slowness. The back camera is decent but the front camera is just excellent.The price drop which happened so soon is a major disappointment, Now i would think twice before buying any apple product close to release dateREAD MORE
Stop thinking twice if you're planning to buy and buy this over any Samsung or Sony. It's absolutely worth every penny.Pros:- Closest to Android in features- 3D touch will change the way you use your phone. A great utility for checking emails without opening them among others. Give the app developers some time.- Camera is simply amazing- Amazing battery life- Works like a hot knife on butter (super smooth)..haven't closed a app since I started using it and it shows no signs of sweat..:P :P- Siri is better than its Android counterpart.- Display is bright even in direct sunlight and colors are a delight to the eyes- It's by no means quiet. The ringer is loud enough even in noisy environments.- And if I forgot, I forgot whats like unlocking your phone. Its just your fingerprint on the home button..:D :D and its blazing fast and accurate too.- Data is lightning fast. Din't realize Airtel offers actual 21 Mbps before using the iPhone.Cons-- Mobile network reception is average but it does hold on to the network pretty well. All in all you will not regret buying this. And after all Apple doesn't make you feel old. It will get software for years too come unlike Androids like Samsung and LG who forget you or delay the upgrade.READ MORE
Thank God for making this wonderful phone at the cheap price of ?92,000. I now regularly call up the International Space Station and the Mars Rover missions and interface with the Hubble telescope in my spare time. Iphone gives me a swedish massage after i come home and cooks italian food too. There is a small port in the side from which premium single malt flows out. I am blessed to have been born when iPhone 6s was there on earth.READ MORE
Hey Mr. Bisht!! Either you are a rich businessman's boy or highly paid techie. Just wanted to clarify 70K is a huge sum of money (for people like us) to shell out for any phone. I am an I phone user too and have been using 5S ever since apple launched it and it feels awesome when you have an iPhone in your hand. But it still does not justify your comment that 6S is worth spending 70K(.7 lacs if you see it otherwise). Just wait for sometime and this same phone will be priced at around 55-60K.READ MORE
Badia bhai iPhone 6sREAD MORE
The specs on this phone are just insane. Check the benchmarks for this beast... This is THE MOST powerful phone on the planet right now. No wonder it costs a bomb.I would recommend it to anyone who is a performance enthusiast and doesn't want to settle on build quality. There are Fords that produce 500 bhp and then there are Mercedes that produce 500 hp. There's a reason why the latter costs 5 times as much.Samsung S6 edge+ is the only phone that can compete with this beast, but the iphone is just too classy and the build quality washes away Samsung's efforts.READ MORE
I bought 3 iPhone 6s plus top model 128gb for gift to my friend on his birthday my friend said it is a very bad product but I say him no it is a very good product I have an I phone  5s and a samsung galaxy s7 edge I said I have also a I phone but he said no it is a very bad product then I bought one more I phone 6s plus and it is also a very bad phone friends do you want to buy a real mobile phone buy a samsung galaxy s7 edge it is a very good mobile phone.READ MORE
plz don't weste your money...can buy better android or windows.........................................................................................................................READ MORE
This is the best phone at this price bracket (I guess the only phone) .I had to sell my Honda avaitor and add some more cash to buy this one , inspite of knowing that this phone will get outdated (lose its value) next year when the new iphone launches .But at last its apple ,you cannot complaint as there is no competitor of apple in India due to its high price range , Literally apple has killed their competition in India with the pricing .but it doesn't matter if I write pros and cons of this product some "richie rich"  will buy it just to show off .but for some sane people out there i will provide a one liner1.PROS:    Specifications : +5 stars 2.CONS:    Pricing: definitely its -5 stars .3.For COMMON MAN OF INDIA  : Don't worry, if you cant buy it .If you really want to buy it, get it from China 4.For people who have money and they are still not buying the phone :     .I salute you people .You people are really lucky that God has provided you brain,TAG LINE for apple in INDIA is:ITS NOT JUST A PHONE (with 3d touch),ITS A STATUS SYMBOL!!!!!READ MORE
you could have purchased 1339 rupees Migold elite. but it is out of stock due to strong demand. iphone is heavily prices. intex cloud 4g star is coming at 1/11th priceREAD MORE
I bet all the guys who have rated it as 1 has never bought Apple products in their life & they are not even aware of Apple user interface, who dont even have a eligibility to rate???. Go for it , it is an Amazing product, you cant even compare with other phones. rest the product speaks.READ MORE
Isse achcha toh me ek bike le loon.......READ MORE
Nakli fon dedia behn ke lundo ne madhrchod saaleREAD MORE
Paytm  giving 7k cash back without any exchange. Flipcart is cheating in exchangeREAD MORE
WS / flipkart Cancelled my order without any reason. Apple 6s plus was supposed to be delivered on 2nd Aug as i ordered it on 28th july under Rs1000 extra off on that day. I ordered under EMI scheme to gift some one this nice product. But these guys cancelled my order without any notice and blocked my Credit Card limit for next 8 days with interest of EMI also. Now i can not buy even again because refund will be coming in 8 days and i can not buy it from anywhere else. These guys are unorganised and liars. I can not trust them again and waste my time. I will not buy anything again from this site.READ MORE
I had bought this phone from flipkart but the phone is hanging. As per terms they have a 10 day replacement policy but surprisingly Flipkart rejected my request to replace the phone. The phone does not look genuine and I now have to file FIR against Flipkart for selling me Faulty product, not adhering to terms of purchase. Request others not to buy any product from flipkart.READ MORE
Price too high for an average specific phone.................READ MORE
Nothing that much special. It's unnecessarily the expense of money.Better to go with some other products having the same features and of worth around 30k INR.READ MORE
I ordered for 6s plus Space Grey with 128 GB model after paying Rs 91,990/ - but the delivery was gives 6s plus gold with 128 gb which costs Rs 77000 approx. I am very diasppointed as it was my first birthday gift to my hubby.The dealer was CIRCUITBOARD.READ MORE
In apple store this mobile cost is 72K.... but flip kart is selling at 75K...READ MORE
You can buy phone from any other brand with same specification but price less than 10 times. If you want to buy for show off then its good.READ MORE
same  product  i  had ordered  twice..  first time they  simply  lost  the product  and giving  bullshit  reason  and  extended the  date.  2nd  time  again i ordered  and  that  product  got  delivered timely mannerREAD MORE
Even after 24 hours of ordered time the seller has not shipped the item. Worst in case of delivery speed. Hoped it would have been better.READ MORE
I always fascinated to buy iPhone and this is the most amazing phone ever made with the cheapest price. I am just going to sell my kidney to buy this iphone even I was ready to sell my eyes but when i saw this low price they saved my eyes, I am very thankful to apple. Anyone iphone lover can buy this without thinking a single moment, they just need to sell their kidney, home, car etc but please buy this, it will change your life.READ MORE
I will give you my kidney.. Give me this phone... Wt do you sayREAD MORE
Very happy with the service.READ MORE
Fully satisfied , great new experience . Flip kart is the best plat form for online shopping .READ MORE
Hi friends,I have got it delivered yesterday.First of all thanks to Flipkart for deliver this mobile on time(around 6.am morning).I thought  of purchasing  this mobile  when i was in USA but thought of getting it from India. The product was very good . Flipkart had very much Safety precautions for this.2 police men with courier man.Phone was average.This price we cant expect much.Thanks to my friend Tim for making it availabe indian market.READ MORE
BOUGHT 2 DAYS AGO FROM AN APPLE STORE AMAZING PHONE . 3D TOUCH IS ALSO AN AMAZING FEATURE IN THIS PHONE SLEEKEST EVER FASTEST EVER BIGGEST EVER AND MOST IMPORTANT THING FRONT AND BACK CAMERA AMAZING LIVE PHOTOS MUST BUY....READ MORE
I like the phone and no issues there but I have a concern with what Flipkart Assured is all about.  You buy an iPhone which is an expensive devise and it goes through the Flipkart Assured quality check and you end up getting a phone which was manufactured in September 2015 in September 2016.  What is this?  I am stuck because I had exchanged my phone so I can't even seek replacement because I cannot do without a phone till the time they take the phone and then send a replacement.  Also, what is to say that the next one wouldn't be a year old phone.  I have had sizeable purchases from Flipkart but guess this would be my last.  I prefer to spend money elsewhere where the company works with dignityREAD MORE
I have purchased iPhone 6s plus 64GB before 3 months, I faced network related issue after 1 month(not reachable) but after 3 months getting no service issue also tried different operators (I.e different  sims).   Special advice please don't buy iPhone from Flipkart if you are interested then purchase from iPhone store.   Don't trust Flipkart.......READ MORE
Mat kharido mat kharido kharb hai  geer kar dut gayaREAD MORE
delivery is too faster than expectedREAD MORE
Good delivery..speedREAD MORE
BekaarREAD MORE
Asum experience with flipkartREAD MORE
V good service flipcartREAD MORE
Good service.READ MORE
Speed serviceREAD MORE
bhai 3-4 phn pade huwe ek to nokia 3310 ... sara le lo even ho ske to ek watch v le lo , coz EMI mai v awkad k bahar hai yee I phoneREAD MORE
Please take the INSURANCE COVER from icare otherwise you might have to pay a heavy price for any damage. FLIPKART please highlight this benefit of insurance cover. I would've saved thousands if i'd known earlier :-(READ MORE
Received Phone in 1 Day. Thanks Flipkart for  prompt deliveryREAD MORE
thanks to flipkart for delivering the amazing product on time .READ MORE
i purchased it from flipkart ws retail and it was a genuine product and with 12 month warranty and with a good packing thank you flipkart dnt wry and purchase without any worryREAD MORE
Bought it in a grocery store..It's quite cheap for an apple.. Tastes good! But I suspect that USA is spying us through this apple.. There is a chip inside!!  DONT BUY APPLES! Apple a day helps us spy us!! Spread the word!! Go for lyf smart phone.. Does not spy and is costlier yo!READ MORE
Very very nice apple things are not  so expensive I like iphoneREAD MORE
i was initially a little skeptical about buying something this expensive online but i got noting to complain, amazing serviceREAD MORE
WTH is it!!!!!!! Worst phone ever!!! You can get 13 megapixels for only 5000 rupees. Now this mobile is waste.READ MORE
superb mobile i was using from. longer time its was very good in pic, videos, etsREAD MORE
This review is not about android vs iOS. But it's about the choices available to you in the same screen size. There are tons of options available in the 5.5 inch screen category. Android gives you a great many phones to choose from. Among them is the S7 Edge. The screen size is 5.5 inches and boy, does it feel good in the hands. Light, and slim. Now that is where the 6S Plus fails miserably. The large bevel sizes make the phone very bulky and unwieldy. Next, when you get into a phone of this size, you would want an immersive screen experience. At 441 ppi it is not exactly the sharpest screens around. There are android options available with over 500 ppi. That makes a huge difference if you are using these phones to consume media content, especially movies and games. Lastly, about the storage options. While 64 or 128 GB is not exactly limiting, the option of having OTG drives on androids makes life easier as you are not dependant on iTunes to transfer files all the time. I have used this phone, and am now using an S7 Edge and can tell you that unless you are a total fanboy of the ecosystem of iOS, you may want at least try out the other options from android before going for this phone, which is undoubtedly a classy affair. :-)READ MORE
Geunine product and quick delivery.I completely satisfied with the product i got.I hadnt expected so quick delivery by any online company as i was getting a costly product but its nice.READ MORE
Great service from apple. Superb phone, but price should be below 45k.READ MORE
Item as described, product is excellent and packaged nicely happy with the service. delivered much before the actual date of delivery.READ MORE
Flipcart keeps the process of one day delivery thanks. The product is very much satisfying.READ MORE
awesome phone compare to samsung, htc, sony exricsone, nokia, red me, micromax, etc.........................................................................................................................READ MORE
Amazing phone!!!! Flipkart is the best place to buy this phone in India!! :D Best phone I've ever usedREAD MORE
I received the item within 2 days and the service is excellent. iphone 6s plus (64 GB) is great to use like heaven.READ MORE
Highly disappointed with Flipkart 10 days replacement.READ MORE
The apple has dropped the price by 22000.u still holding old price,this is unfair with the customerREAD MORE
My rating is not about the product, but it's about flip kart selling this product at 84k, when Apple itself has reduced the price to 70k..READ MORE
Pathetic and worst  service. Will register a legal complaintREAD MORE
dont buy this product if product was defective flipkart will not pick your call i am suffering from it they blocked my numberREAD MORE
It is very highly priced. Not acceptable to middle class people. We are getting same configuration and features in other phones at just 10k-20k and iphone is 5 times higher than that price. So it should be completely ban in india, So that Apple CEO realize and reduce the price of it.READ MORE
Apple has reduced their price approx Rs. 20,000/- for 6s 128gb and 6s plus 128gb models. Why not you have reduced.....??????READ MORE
Very bad experience with flip kart guys I have buy iPhone 6s from flipkart when I go to store they told iPhone is firstcopyREAD MORE
Got this phone for my wife cause our daughter broke the 6plus. The rate is overpriced as there is bear minimum difference between the 6+ and 6+ s. The only difference you find is the live photo shoot and the 3D touch. We dont use both the functions. The IOS is so big so you dont get the actual 64 gb, you rater get only 54 GB which is a shame. I got myself the samsung s7 edge which has so many new features such as the edge apps, the vr gear, 3d photo and the like features with a wonderful price tag. Me being a Apple Fan, am slowing moving down from the brand due to their not-so-innovative phones coming up in the market and also the lame after sales service. They do not fix a broken glass, only provide a replacement of refurbished phones which is as expensive as buying a new phone on flipkart. Flipkart is awesome as always. They were dedicated on the time of delivery and also the product was delivered with mint condition and company packaged with original billing. If you are a apple fan, I would recommend you going for the 6 or 6+ rater than spending the extra bucks for the 6s or 6+s. If you not a apple fan, going for samsung as they have a beautiful after sales service. The have a galaxy app which have a technician available chatting with you 24 hrs to resolve any issue or collect phone and fix it for any damages caused.  When you spend all your hard earned money on a phone, you really have to wonder, do i need a after sales service? what if; as humanly as we always do; drop the phone and the screen breaks, are we will to spend another large chunk of money and get a refurbished phone or rather stick to a brand who value their clients and provides you with a solution?READ MORE
Any model of iphone of dual simREAD MORE
Don't buy now as after the release of iphone 7, Rate will go down in next few weeks.  It should be available for 70000 as per the news.  88000 is too much.READ MORE
Even in Apple store it is just 70k for 128gb do no why these people after having the exchange offer it is 81k and normal purchase 88k cha great flipkart big namasthe !!!READ MORE
I have order iPhone 6s on 26 Nov and order got cancelled automatically on 30 Nov without any information.When i called customer care they do not have any explanation for this .They told me to buy it again as a solution and assure me it will not repeat next time.Second time same model iPhone 6s was costing Rs 7750 more as offer did't stand this time so  i place iPhone 6s plus on 1st December and guess what happened this order also got cancelled again automatically on 3rd December. I called your support team initially they tried to blame me to cancel it but when i asked for proof they transfer call to escalation team they accept this is got cancelled from their end and told its due to some technical fault and he can't do nothing except their level best next time .I never got answer of below question.-How could a technical issue remain from 4 days and i have find some other customer also facing this   from months.-What is the compensation for customer if it is happening from Flipkart end as customers money is getting locked for 8-12 days it should't be paid back with interest ? I had great faith once on Flipkart but this time felt like defraud as they holding my Rs 1,16,748 .Below are my two order and i am afraid ordering third time.OD104540993270221000 OD204579735462054000Its like wast of money and time so reviewing this lowest.READ MORE
The service from FlipKart is extreamly pathetic. Flipkart is only concerned about closing the issue ticket not concerned about solving the customer issues. I will not choose and not recommend Flipkart to any of my friends or relatives. I don't find negative rating(-1) above hence giving 1 star. Without contacting the customers, you yourself imagine and close the issues.I had booked an iPhone 6s plus and received with 1 day delay in the delivery. More interesting part is its a defective one and raised a replacement request. One person called from customer care after 1 and half day to understand the issue and promised me to arrange a Tech visit in a day. Again the Tech visit took 1 and half day. The technician understood the problem in the device and given me a written copy of Service call report with all his findings.He replied me that he has updated to customer care but it will take another 24 hrs to get updated in  flipkart customer care database. I waited a day and called to the customer care and asking for the status. The response from customer care is that they have not received any update from the Technician. I kept calling to the customer care everyday for the status. I had received the same response "No update from Technician".I had mailed the scan copy of Service call report which technician had given me to the Flipkart customer care. When i called to the customer care, the response is we haven't received any mail from you and disconnected the call.After 1 hr, i received a message surprisingly the ticket is closed with the Technician resolution.How come the issue is resolved with the Tech visit but he had given me a copy of Service call report with all his findings and he couldn't resolve it. ?Guys, think hundred times before buying.READ MORE
If possible, don't transact on Flipkart. 4 iphones booked with different logins, money debited for 4 and just one delivered, 3 cancelled w/o any reason. Now the refund comes after 8-10 days or may be  more. So flipkart gets this money for few days and thats what seems to be their main business. Worst customer support team I have ever interacted with... they just disconnect your call and no one calls back.READ MORE
You are almost selling this phone for Rs.4000 higher than actual market price expected for this device and also the phone even did not release in INDIA. Is this GREY MARKET ?As you know selling smuggled goods is an offence in Legitimate online stores like FLIPKART.READ MORE
The prics of iphones are just priced high only in India.In USA the price of iphone 6s is approx. Rs.12000 and Iphone 6 plus is approx. Rs.19000READ MORE
Good packing original iphone i like you but delivery is late.READ MORE
16 gb memory is not sufficient and phone hanging.after no cost emi the bill was 37634 but emi came for 41328 actually there is no no cost emi policy it is all figures magic onlyREAD MORE
Very highly cost in flipkart I was iphone 6s plus in from main road but it's rate is 82500READ MORE
Bad service by flipkart patheticREAD MORE
Phone is great but dont buy from flipkart chances are they will send u a cheaper productREAD MORE
when i bought to a sim shop he says the phone is fake it is chiniseREAD MORE
Good but price drop in us as 45000READ MORE
The offer available for exchange doesn't hold good as the product though good the executive denied to take exchange of the phone only cos it has a crack in the back panel, the screen guard, working condition of the phone was all perfect. One advise to your team is dont have such offers to the customers and kindly make changes to the T&C provided in case of exchange, as it mentions only the phone to be working condition for exchange.READ MORE
we can get 64gb sd card @1100 but here the difference between 16gb version and 64 gb is 30000rs simply looting the publicREAD MORE
never to bought iphone, gps shows wrong and os also not user friendly  , only for status the iphone is forREAD MORE
The product is workin perfectly but if you are buying from flipkart then rememebr that you will receive product with an invoice dated almost 4-5 days back and if you want to have your fone insured then you just cant!!!! Coz insurance has to be done within 48 hours of invoice date. I have suffered a lot trying to get revised bill from flipkart but they have not helped in any manner.READ MORE
The iphone stopped working after 12 days of deliver. Initially it gave network issues i.e. out of coverage, with frequent hanging up. Eventually died out completely. Now its consumers headache to get it fixed, because of return policy of 10 days. dont know what to doREAD MORE
The phone is hanging and overheating you said that your technician come on 26 August and then you are saying he will come on 30th August please do it fastREAD MORE
Nexus6p model exchange isn't provided under Google part of phones how can I exchange it ...READ MORE
Very expensiveREAD MORE
Iphone 6s is best smartphone in the world no doubts.               But my comment here is related about the flipkart app.               I orderd an iphone 6s 65 gb space gray, bot they delivered me a rose gold. So i made a contact to costomer service of flipkart, but the cheated me. They are giving me reasons that from flipkart order placed confermation message was sent of rose gold to you and you did not cross checked so now we can not help you.. this app is nothing but cheape and fraud. Please dont use this app and go for other apps. I sufferd from this problem but be careful... peace...READ MORE
All products r fakeNo delivery on timeNo customer supportREAD MORE
Why my order cancelled from your side? I have paid it through credit card. But you wasted one day and cancelled it? Why?Please answer.READ MORE
I was purchasing iphone 6s plus 16 gb with bajaj finserv emi card on emi but when i put all details about card then webpage giving error please do something with that.READ MORE
One word for their service.. TrashThey were supposed to deliver me this phone by Friday, 15th July, 2016Their so called delivery boy contacted me and conveyed me that it would be delivered by the next morning and I wasted my whole day.As usual I gt a message from their side that I was not available to collect it. That so called delivery boy switched off his phone for no reason. And when I contacted literate and sophisticated customer support executive, his golden words (Main toh delivery karne nhi aaouga na) made my day.READ MORE
The deal seems amazing. I would really like to purchase this. But after the recent news splattered all over the internet about a delivery boy in Chennai delivering fake products instead of IPhone, I'm a little worried about ordering this handset online now.READ MORE
i received the phone and was working fine. after 16 days the phone is dead. not even dropped,not a single scratch. the phone was working one moment and the other moment its dead. they wont replace it or return it. guys if you are gonna 70k plus on a mobile kindly go to a apple store and buy it or else you will regret it as i am right now. I want to sue flipkart for this. whenever i am calling the flipkart guys they put me on hold and then disconnect the call. wow.... amazingI think they have cheated meREAD MORE
Hii flipkart pls provide exchange offer at 177001 i would like to buy this amg phone with replacing my sam a8 plsREAD MORE
Pathetic experience.1. Basics me hi problem. Earpiece not working. Can't hear caller's voice at all. I could not't even believe that there can b defect with new iphone.Anyways at least flipkart should have kept hassle free return process. But a big NO !2. Even after comsidering Defect with new apple phone harassment does not stop here. When I requested for defect free phone I was being told that technical expert will call me after 2 days. And ask me how to repair the defective phone.And by mistake if missed that call then again I will have to wait for 2-3 days more days.Boss, why should I repair the phone on day 1 , in spite of paying full price for brand new apple handset.If I'm being cheated by the seller why can't I get defect free device in easy steps and immediately???I strongly recommend....plz do not buy any gadgets from this seller/ flipkartREAD MORE
Hi there....i want to know that if i dont have any credit card...so then can i buy it on emi basis from flipkart...reply asap...ThanksREAD MORE
Mobile is getting Hung and producing heat as well not sure getting tocuh with filpkart still now no response from themREAD MORE
flipkart, i was just going to buy this iPhone 6s plus 64bg but due to financial crises i could not order it earlier but now i have enough money to buy one but now u guys have raised the price so much that i am cancelling to buy it. at first it was 66K INR but its almost 82K INR!!!14k raised???? its not fair !!!! u can't do like that flipkart. i trusted u!!READ MORE
can u tell me what is the manufacturing year of this phone........................................................READ MORE
Hi guys!! The best thing that I will suggest you is to never buy this iphone( or maybe other products too) on this website. All are fake products. I and my friend planned and bought this iphone as it is our dream phone. And finally when we got the parcel from the flipkart all we got was foolishness. We opened the box and used the phone. But when we opened the app store it led to a play store. and we finally got frustruated from all the scoldings of wasting the money from our parents and we threw it away and burnt like just burning some 70k with fire. So never ever buy a costly thing such as iphone or anything. and in some cases the products are not of quality as shown in the description and they send different products like saree which i ordered a little earlier. But i will never ever forget this iphone that wasted my money and never ever forgive flipkart. return my money flipkart. which i wasted and pay for the scoldings and hits which i got from my parentsREAD MORE
Dear Flipkart,My first experience of buying the most expensive phone proved to costly to me. The product delivered by your seller was defunct - the Sim slot mechanism does not extract the sim once inserted.I got the delivery of the product on 1st Feb 2016. As per promise by Flipkart I was supposed to receive it on 31st. The delivery partner of Flipkart - Ekart says " It is sunday so no delivery". This itself was the first turn-off.With the new phone, I directly went to the Vodafone store to get a new nano Sim which I got instantly. However, while registering the new Iphone 6s plus - I realized that to transfer my data from the old android phone to IOS, I need to install a new app " Move to IOS" for which I need to remove my sim and install it back in the old android phone ( Micromax Canvas Knight A350 - which I bought from Flipkart and loved that phone to the core.)While trying to remove I found the sim was stuck. Scared and worried I went straight to the Apple Service Centre.The Team was kind enough to look into the case. They extracted the sim by opening the phone and I was about to leave (Happy) but all I asked them was to try to check if it is working again.The Apple centre head tried her sim.... "Stuck again" were her first words followed by some more kind words " Flipkart at times delivers old products which may have such issues"Since the phone was under warranty of 366 days ( yes - just 3 hours post delivery and why 366 - 29 days of Feb :-) ... ) Apple promised to deliver a replacement within 4 days.Not sure, but Flipkart - can you justify the reason of delivering post scheduled day cause it was Sunday ?Also Justify why a defunct product was delivered ??READ MORE
